\section{Part two - analysis, discussion and reflection}
\todo[inline]{Lead-in text for this part. Describe what the
section aims to provide. 1/2 to 1 page.}

\subsection{From beginning to end: Our process of design}
\todo[inline]{Describe what we did from the very beginning
til the end. 2-3 pages}

\subsection{Combining the in-depth and innovation phases}
\todo[inline]{Describe how we combined the in-depth and
innovation phases, and how the literature also supports
this in certain cases. 2-3 pages}

\subsection{Ethnographically inspired analysis}
\todo[inline]{Describe how to combine techniques to provide
an ethnographically inspired analysis. It is not good enough
to know \textit{what} they do, we must also know \textit{why}.
1-2 pages}

\subsection{Observation as a technique}
\todo[inline]{Describe how observation works as a technique.
Describe how others have used observation to positive effect.
Describe how we have used observation, and what some of the
pitfalls are. Briefly cite and describe one alternative to
observation. 1-2 pages}

\subsection{User stories as a technique}
\todo[inline]{Describe how user stories work as a technique
to provide overview and structure workflow. Describe how we
performed this and provide relevant sources for others who
use user stories to case out design or implementation of
projects. Describe some of the pitfalls. Briefly cite and
describe one alternative to user stories. 1-2 pages}
